doc: AwsNfsVolumeBackup and AwsNfsBackupSchedule CRs (#732)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/tutorials/01-120-aws-scheduled-nfs-backup.md

# Create Scheduled Automatic RWX Volume Backups in Google Cloud

> This tutorial explains how to create scheduled automatic backups for ReadWriteMany (RWX) volumes in Google Cloud (AWS).

Reviewer: Again, why "Google Cloud (AWS)"? AWS is not an acronym for Google Cloud. If this is supposed to mean something else, please try to rephrase it to avoid ambiguity. Isn't the title the same as of `./01-80-gcp-scheduled-nfs-backup.md`? Is this correct?

Author: It should be AWS, and I updated it now.

## Prerequisites <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->

> * You have created a AwsNfsVolume. Follow [Use RWX Volumes in AWS](./01-10-aws-nfs-volume.md) to learn more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have created an AwsNfsVolume. See [Use RWX Volumes in AWS](./01-10-aws-nfs-volume.md) to learn more.
```

> [!NOTE]
> All the examples below assume that the AwsNfsVolume is named `my-vol` and is in the same namespace as the AwsNfsBackupSchedule resource.

## Steps <!-- {docsify-ignore} -->

1. Export the namespace as an environment variable. Run:

   ```shell
   export NAMESPACE={NAMESPACE_NAME}
   ```

> 2. Create a AwsNfsBackupSchedule resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an AwsNfsBackupSchedule resource.
```

   ```shell
   cat <<EOF | kubectl -n $NAMESPACE apply -f -
   apiVersion: cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/v1beta1
   kind: AwsNfsBackupSchedule
   metadata:
      name: my-backup-schedule
   spec:
      nfsVolumeRef:
        name: my-vol
      schedule: "0 * * * *"
      prefix: my-hourly-backup
      deleteCascade: true
   EOF
   ```

3. Wait for the AwsNfsVolumeBackup to be in the `Active` state.
   ```shell
   kubectl -n $NAMESPACE wait --for=jsonpath='{.status.state}'=Active awsnfsbackupschedule/my-backup-schedule --timeout=300s
   ```
   Once the AwsNfsVolumeBackup is created, you should see the following message:
   ```
   awsnfsbackupschedule.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/my-backup-schedule condition met
   ```
4. Observe the nextRunTimes for creating the backups.
   ```shell
   kubectl -n $NAMESPACE get awsnfsbackupschedule my-backup-schedule -o jsonpath='{.status.nextRunTimes}{"\n"}' 
   ```

> 5. Wait till the time specified in the nextRunTimes (in the previous step) and see that the AwsNfsVolumeBackup objects get created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Wait till the time specified in the nextRunTimes (in the previous step) passes and see that the AwsNfsVolumeBackup objects get created.
```

   ```shell
   kubectl -n $NAMESPACE get awsnfsvolumebackup -l cloud-resources.kyma-project.io/scheduleName=my-backup-schedule 
   ```

> 6. Clean up:

Reviewer: Again, this could be a separate section.

Author: Done.
